Comment out msxml3, msxml6, jscript9 in signing scenarios (#4985)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/microsoft-recommended-block-rules.md

  <FileRuleRef RuleID="ID_DENY_WMIC"/>
  <FileRuleRef RuleID="ID_DENY_MWFC" /> 
  <FileRuleRef RuleID="ID_DENY_WFC" /> 

>   <!-- Uncomment the below if you have uncommented them in the above rule definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <!-- Uncomment the relevant line(s) below if you have uncommented them in the rule definitions above.
```
